\HELP\FAQ.TXT

         NETGEAR Model Fa311/FA312 Frequently Asked Questions
         ----------------------------------------------------

  Updated Jan 10, 2001

  1.   Drivers and Installation Procedures 

  1.1  The installation guide that comes with my adapter cards shows
       only the Windows 98 installation procedures. What about instal-
       lation guide for my NT system? And what about SCO Unix and Novell
       NetWare?

       Installation procedures for environments other than Windows 98
       can be found on the installation disk under the HELP directory.
       For example, instruction for NT 4.0 is located in \HELP\WINNT.
       Alternatively, you can view the instruction by typing A:\HELP
       to view the installation procedures of the various environments.

  1.2  Where can I get the latest version of drivers?

       Latest versions of drivers as well as software distributed with
       all NETGEAR products are available on the Support Page:

          http://www.netgear.com/support/

  1.3  Is the driver available for my operating system?

       We provide drivers for most of the operating environments. Below
       is a list of what the Fa311/FA312 supports.

         * Microsoft Windows 95
         * Microsoft Windows 98
         * Microsoft Windows NT 4.0
         * Microsoft Windows 2000
         * Microsoft Windows ME
         * SCO OpenServer
         * RedHat of Linux 
         * Novell NetWare 32-bit Client for DOS or Windows 3.x
         * Novell NetWare server 4.1x
         * Novell NetWare server 5.0
         * Novell NetWare Client / Windows 95
         * NDIS 2 for DOS (LANtastic 5.0 & 6.0)

  2.   Cable and other Hardware Questions

  2.1  I have put the card into one of the slots of my PC, but it is
       not being recognized by the PC. Why?

       You should make sure the card is plugged into a PCI slot. The
       PCI slot is shorter in length compared to the ISA slots. You
       must also make sure the PCI slot supports BUS MASTERING. Some older 
       PC will have support for bus mastering on only one of the PCI slots.
       This information can be obtained from the manuals of your PC.

  2.2  Does the Model Fa311/FA312 adapter card support full-duplex opration?

       The Model Fa311/FA312 adapter cards can operate in either full or
       half duplex.  Its duplex mode is automatically negotiated with the
       switch/hub that the adapter card is connected.  Alternatively, you
       can fix the duplex mode.  The method to configure the Model FA312/
       FA311 adapter card is unique to each driver/operating system.  Please
       refer the installation instruction of each operating system for further
       detail.

  2.3  What is the maximum distance between my PC and the hub?

       A simple interpretation of the IEEE specification is 100 meters
       using Category 5 cables.

  2.4  The cable length between my PC and the hub is within 100 meters,
       but I still cannot establish a link (the link LED fails to come
       on). Is there a problem with my hub, switch or the network adapter?

       You can check the health of your network devices and network
       adapter by connecting them using a short ready-made Cat 5 cable
       (preferably a pre-tested one that is available from most computer
       shops). If a link still cannot be established, then there may be
       a problem with the card. Otherwise, we have a cable problem.

       The most common problem encountered is of the quality of the
       cable. Since we are sending very high frequency signals down
       the wire, a good quality cable is mandatory. You should verify
       your cable is from a name brand manufacturer, especially if you
       are planning to have a long cable. Another common problem is faulty
       crimping of the connectors (RJ45) at either end of the cable. You
       should check the color-coded configuration as well as loose con-
       nectors. If these steps do not solve the problem, you may have to
       ask for professional help to test your cable using a cable tester.

  3.   IRQ and other conflicts 

  3.1  When I am installing the Fa311/FA312, I run into IRQ conflict. Can I
       change the IRQ setting and how?

       IRQs (Interrupt Requests) are communication channels which
       allow hardware devices such as an adaptor card to talk to the
       processor. Some devices require setting jumpers for the IRQ.
       All PCI adapters use a software approach and let either the
       operating system or the BIOS to assigning the IRQ number. If
       you run into IRQ conflict, it is usually that your system resources
       is running low. You may have to disable some of the devices which
       you are not using such as the USB port or the IDE port on your
       older sound card in order to free up IRQs.

  3.2  After the Fa311/FA312 is installed, my system takes a lot of time
       to shutdown. What can I do to fix it?

       We have seen a number of incidents of this symptom and found
       various problems with the interactions of the operating system
       and device drivers during shut down. Since there are many devices
       being manufactured for the PC, it is impossible to compile an
       exhaustive compatibility test. It should be safe to power off
       the computer after a couple of minutes. If you are adventurous,
       you may try one of the following:

       * Try removing the NETBEUI protocol stack if you don't need it
         by going to Network Neighborhood, click Properties and select
         NetBEUI and click Remove and OK.

       * Try using the Real Mode NDIS driver by going to Network Neighbor-
         hood, select Netgear Fa311/FA312 Fast Ethernet PCI Adapter and
         choose the Driver Type tab, click the Real Mode (16 bit) NDIS
         driver check box

       * If you have a HP Pavilion system, remark the CD drive line in
         your CONFIG.SYS by adding the word REM at the beginning of the
         line.

  4.   Connecting and Sharing

  4.1  Can I connect two computers together without using a hub?

       If you only have two systems that you want to get them connected
       together to do some file and printer sharing, you can save the
       cost of buying a hub by connecting the adapter cards using a cros-
       sover cable. Crossover cables, which are different from the normal
       UTP cables in their pin configuration, are available in most
       computer shops.  If you want to make one yourself, the cable is
       wired as below.

         1 <-> 3         4<->4
         2 <-> 6         5<->5
         3 <-> 1         7<->7
         6 <-> 2         8<->8

  4.2  I have two computers connected without problems. However, I can't
       seem to be able to access the files and the printer.

       In order to share resources such as files and printers on a PC
       with other users on the network, you must configure the PC to do
       so. Below is a step by step guide to get that set up in the
       Windows 95/98 environment.

       * Make sure a protocol is installed - This is the protocol used
         by the two computers to talk to each other. We'll use the NetBEUI
         protocol that should have been installed by default when you
         install your network card. To confirm, you can click the right
         mouse button on the Network Neighborhood icon on your desktop
         and choose Properties.  You should see NetBEUI displayed. Repeat
         this on the other computer.

       * Tell Windows that you want to share resources on a computer with
         others - On the computer you want to have resources shared by
         others, right click on the Network Neighborhood icon and select
         Properties. Select File and Print Sharing. Check the I want to
         be able to give other access to my files and the I want to be
         able to allow others to print to my printers boxes as you see
         appropriate.

       * Tell Windows what resources you want shared - Go to Windows
         Explorer, right click on the resources (such as printers, drives
         and folders) you want to make available to the network and choose
         Sharing. Select Shared as and type in name you want this resource
         to be identified on the network (e.g. CDRIVE for your disk drive
         and LASER for your laser printer). You can also specify access
         rights and passwords for the resource using the same dialog box.

       * Assign drive names and printer ports by mapping them - At this
         point, on the other PC, you should be able to see the shared
         resources by browsing the Network Neighborhood. Right click on
         the resources will allow you to assign drive names and printer
         port.

       You can find additional information on how to set up a network in
       our Network Starter Guide:


         http://www.netgear.com/support/networkguide/index.shtml#nwos




