
        D-Link DFE-530TX PCI Fast Ethernet Adapter Installation
                        for Windows NT V3.51


 Getting Started
 ---------------

   1. The Windows NT CD/disks are needed to complete this installation

        - From the "Main" window, select Control Panel

        - In the Control Panel, select Network Icon

        - In the Network Setup, select Add Adapter

   2. Windows NT will display a list of all available drivers.

        - Select "OTHERS" for third-party adapters not included in the
          list.

   3. The program prompts for the directory containing the Ethernet drivers.

          Insert the driver CD in CD-ROM drive, and then type
          the following:

          D:\ (for CD-ROM)

        - Windows NT will attempt to locate the OEMSETNT.INF file in the
          specified path. If it exists there, Windows NT will then copy
          the appropriate drivers to the Windows NT system.

        - The drivers are now properly installed. It also will pop up the
          configuration window, you can assign the "Connection Type" here
          The installation procedure will then proceed to the next steps.
          Please refer to your Windows NT installation guide for information
          on these steps.

        - After the initial installation, the drivers will be permanently
          installed to the Windows NT system.  Subsequent accesses to the
          network driver list will include these drivers as options.


        Driver keywords:
        ----------------

          Open "Main" -> "Control Pannel" -> "Network" ->
          Select "D-Link DFE-530TX ..." -> "Configure"

        Connection Type      	Specify the connection type for the adapter.
                            	Default: Auto-Negotiation

        Flow Control	    	Flow control capability advertisement.
			    	Default: Hardware Default
				(Not supported in force mode)

	Network Address      	You can set the Ethernet address for your
                            	adapter. It is not recommended to use this
                            	keyword. As you know two or more adapter in
                            	the same network with same Ethernet address
                            	will cause a little problem.

                            	When using this keyword you need to input
                            	exactly 6 bytes of Ethernet address using
                            	one of the following format:
					                                               
                              	xxxxxxxxxxxx

                            	Default: read address from adapter ROM.

	Transmit Buffers    	Internal driver buffers for packet transmit.
			    	Default: 64
				
	Receive Buffers	    	Internal driver buffers for packet receive.
			    	Default: 64

	Validate Packet Length	Enable driver to check packet length.
				If packet length is incorrect, the driver
				will drop this packet.
				Default: Disable




