
           D-Link DFE-530TX PCI Fast Ethernet Adapter Installation
                            for Windows NT V4.0


  Getting Started
  ---------------

   1. Start your Windows NT 4.0 PC normally and inserting the network
      adapter into your computer.

   2. Open "My Computer" -> "Control Panel" -> "Networks" icons.

   3. Select "Add adapter" -> "Have disk" items.
      Type the following (assume the driver is located at <CD drive>:\)

            D:\ (for CD-ROM)

      Select the "D-Link DFE-530TX ...".

   4. Windows NT 4.0 will copy the driver files from the driver disk.
      It also will pop up the configuration window, you can assign the
      "Connection Type" here.

   5. After finishing file copy, Windows NT 4.0 will ask you to
      reboot the PC. Select YES.

   6. Restart the computer.


    Driver keywords:
    ----------------

      Open "My Computer" -> "Control Pannel" -> "Network" ->
      Double click "D-Link DFE-530TX ...", Select "Advanced" item.

        Connection Type      	Specify the connection type for the adapter.
                            	Default: Auto-Negotiation

        Flow Control	    	Flow control capability advertisement.
			    	Default: Hardware Default
				(Not supported in force mode)

	Network Address      	You can set the Ethernet address for your
                            	adapter. It is not recommended to use this
                            	keyword. As you know two or more adapter in
                            	the same network with same Ethernet address
                            	will cause a little problem.

                            	When using this keyword you need to input
                            	exactly 6 bytes of Ethernet address using
                            	one of the following format:
					                                               
                              	xxxxxxxxxxxx

                            	Default: read address from adapter ROM.

	Transmit Buffers    	Internal driver buffers for packet transmit.
			    	Default: 64
				
	Receive Buffers	    	Internal driver buffers for packet receive.
			    	Default: 64

	Validate Packet Length	Enable driver to check packet length.
				If packet length is incorrect, the driver
				will drop this packet.
				Default: Disable


