\HELP\WIN95_98\WIN98.TXT

                         NETGEAR FA311/FA312 PCI Adapter
                 ---------------------------------------------
                  Driver Installation for Microsoft Windows 98
                  --------------------------------------------

  Getting Started
  ---------------
  Microsoft Windows Windows 98 do not come bundled with the driver 
  for the NETGEAR FA311/FA312 adapter.  You must go through the following 
  procedure to install the device driver into the Windows 98 system for
  the adapter to function properly.

  The Windows 98 CD is needed to complete this installation.

  The following installation example illustrates the installation of the 
  FA312 Adapter.  However, the same installation procedure also applies
  to the FA311 adapter card.
  
  Windows 98/98-SE Installation Procedure
  ---------------------------------------
  It is recommended that you complete the Windows 98 installation without
  the adapter card in the system.
  
  1.  Shut down the computer and install the FA312 adapter into the system.
      
  2.  Start your Windows 98 system normally.

      Upon power up, the system will indicate to you that a new PCI
      Ethernet Controller has been found.

  3.  Insert the Driver and Diagnostics disk and click on Next.

      The Add New Hardware Wizard window pops up.

  4.  Select the "Search for the best driver for you device. (Recom-
      mended)" radio button and click on Next.

  5.  Select "Floppy disk drives" and click on Next in the next Add
      New Hardware Wizard window.

      The driver disk should still be in the floppy disk drive.
      
      The next window should indicate that the "NETGEAR FA311/FA312 
      PCI Adapter" has been found.

  6.  Click on Next when Windows prompt to obtain its driver from 
      "A:\NETFA31x.INF".

  7.  Click on OK when asked to insert the disk labeled "NETGEAR FA311/FA312 
      PCI Adapter Driver disk".

      The driver disk should still be in the drive since we haven't removed
      it.

  8.  Enter "A:\" and click on OK when prompted for the location of the
      "FA31x.DOS" file.

      Windows 98 will search into the driver disk for the FA31x.DOS
      file.
  
  9.  Insert the Windows 98 CD-ROM and click on OK when asked to provide 
      the disk labeled "Windows 98 CD-ROM".
      
      This step might be skipped by the system if Windows 98 is installed
      from the Windows CAP files already residing on the hard disk or if
      the Windows 98 CD-ROM is still in the CD-ROM drive.

  10. When asked where to find the "CHOOSUSR.DLL", enter the directory 
      location of the Windows CAP files and click on OK.

      If your CD-ROM drive uses the driver letter D, you have to enter
      "D:\WIN98".  Many systems already come with the Windows CAP files
      on the hard disk driver.  Nomally the Windows CAP files reside on
      the "C:\WINDOWS\OPTIONS\CAPS" directory.

      The system starts copying files.  This step might also be skipped if
      Windows 98 is installed from the Windows CAP files already residing
      on the hard disk.

  11. Click on Finish at the last "Add New Hardware Wizard" window.

  12. Click on Yes when asked if you want to restart the system.

  13. Remove the driver disk and the Windows 98 CD-ROM when the system
      reboots.
      
      You may be asked to reboot the system a second time to finalize
      the driver settings.

  Advanced Setup
  --------------
  The FA312 driver configures the adapter card to operate in autosensing
  mode by default.  In this mode, the card automatically selects the most
  appropriate operating speed and duplex mode.  There might be instances
  when you need to configure the adapter card to operate at a particular
  speed and duplex mode.  The following procedure guides you into the
  Windows 98 system for this setting.

  1.  In Control Panel, open "Network".

  2.  Click on the "NETGEAR FA311/FA312 PCI Adapter" selection.  Then, click
      on the "Properties" button.

  3.  Click on the "Advanced" memu tab in the FA312 or FA311 adapter card
      window.

  4.  Click on the "NetworkMedia" property selection.

  5.  The "NetworkMedia" windows will show the following possible selections:

        AutoDetect
        10Base-T                        (Ethernet)
        10Base-T Full duplex
        100Base-TX                      (Fast Ethernet)
        100Base-TX Full duplex

      Choose the appropriate setting as needed.


  Troubleshooting
  ---------------
  1.  Symptom:  Even after the previously described procedure, Windows 98
      still indentifies the FA312 or FA311 adapter card as some other
      vendor's card.

      Explanation:  When a device driver is installed into Windows 98, the
      device driver's accompanying information file (INF file) is copied 
      into the /WINDOWS/INF directory.  Upon start up, Windows 98 looks 
      into the INF files in the /WINDOWS/INF directory for the PCI device ID
      number that matches the one on the PCI adapter card.  The first one
      that Windows 98 finds, it identifies the physical device as the one
      described in the INF file.

      However, there might be PCI adapter cards coming from different
      manufacturers using the same controller chip.  There is only one vendor
      ID and device ID for each controller chip.  The Sub_vendor ID is what
      differentiate one hardware manufacturer's card from another.

      Since Windows 98 operates on a first come first serve basis, the
      FA31x's INF file, NETFA31x.INF, 
      should be placed on the top of the directory list for the adapter
      card to be correctly recognized and Windows 98 to load the proper
      driver.

      Solution:

      a. In Windows 98, go to the C:\WINDOWS\INF directory.

      b. Remove the old NETFA312.INF file (if it exists).

      c. Create a temporary directory and copy all the files from the
         \WINDOWS\INF directory to this temporary directory.

      d. Delete all the files (*.INF) in the \WINDOWS\INF directory.

      e. Copy the new NETFA31x.INF into \WINDOWS\INF directory.

      f. Copy all the files from the temporary directory back to the
         \WINDOWS\INF directory.  Remove the temporary directory.

  2.  Symptom:  No error appears in Device Manager and the NETGEAR FA312
      or FA311 driver is properly intalled.   But you still have dif-
      ficulty browsing and locating other systems on the network. 

      Solution:

      a.  Check and make sure that you have unique computer names for each
          computer in the whole network.  You can change your computer
          name in:

          "My Computer" -> "Control Panel" -> "Network" -> "Identification"

      b.  Check and make sure that the adapter is properly connected to a 
          network device (eg. HUB) and the "connection type" for this adapter
          is set to "AutoSense" or the correct connection type.  You can 
          check it in:

          "My Computer" -> "Control Panel" -> "Network" -> "Properties"
          Select the "Advanced" tab to modify the operating speed or duplex
          mode.

          Possible selections for "NetworkMedia" are:  Autosense, 10Base-T,
          10Base-T full_duplex, 100Base-TX, 100Base-TX full_duplex.


